so these three men ceased answering job
so these three men ceased answering job because he was righteous in his own eyes
because he was righteous in his own eyes
because he was righteous in his own eyes then the wrath of Allah hew the son of
then the wrath of Allah hew the son of
then the wrath of Allah hew the son of Baruch held abused it-- of the family of
Baruch held abused it-- of the family of
Baruch held abused it-- of the family of ram was aroused against joe his ruff was
ram was aroused against joe his ruff was
ram was aroused against joe his ruff was aroused because he justified himself
aroused because he justified himself
aroused because he justified himself rather than God also against his three
rather than God also against his three
rather than God also against his three friends his wrath was aroused because
friends his wrath was aroused because
friends his wrath was aroused because they had found no answer and yet had
they had found no answer and yet had
they had found no answer and yet had condemned job now because they were
condemned job now because they were
condemned job now because they were years older than he Alai hew had waited
years older than he Alai hew had waited
years older than he Alai hew had waited to speak to Joe when ally Hugh saw that
to speak to Joe when ally Hugh saw that
to speak to Joe when ally Hugh saw that there was no answer in the mouths of
there was no answer in the mouths of
there was no answer in the mouths of these three men his ruff was aroused so
these three men his ruff was aroused so
these three men his ruff was aroused so rely hew the son of barack el abuse i
rely hew the son of barack el abuse i
rely hew the son of barack el abuse i answered i am young in years and you are
answered i am young in years and you are
answered i am young in years and you are very old therefore i was afraid and
very old therefore i was afraid and
very old therefore i was afraid and dared not declare my opinion to you i
dared not declare my opinion to you i
dared not declare my opinion to you i said age should speak and multitude of
said age should speak and multitude of
said age should speak and multitude of years should teach wisdom but there is a
years should teach wisdom but there is a
years should teach wisdom but there is a spirit in man and the breath of the
spirit in man and the breath of the
spirit in man and the breath of the almighty gives him understanding great
almighty gives him understanding great
almighty gives him understanding great men are not always wise nor do the agent
men are not always wise nor do the agent
men are not always wise nor do the agent always understand justice therefore i
always understand justice therefore i
always understand justice therefore i say listen to me I also will declare my
say listen to me I also will declare my
say listen to me I also will declare my opinion indeed I waited for your words I
opinion indeed I waited for your words I
opinion indeed I waited for your words I listened to your reasonings while you
listened to your reasonings while you
listened to your reasonings while you searched out what to say
searched out what to say
searched out what to say I paid close attention to you and surely
I paid close attention to you and surely
I paid close attention to you and surely not one of you convinced Jo or answered
not one of you convinced Jo or answered
not one of you convinced Jo or answered his words lest you say we have found
his words lest you say we have found
his words lest you say we have found wisdom God will vanquish him not man now
wisdom God will vanquish him not man now
wisdom God will vanquish him not man now he has not directed his words against me
he has not directed his words against me
he has not directed his words against me so I will not answer him with your words
so I will not answer him with your words
so I will not answer him with your words they are dismayed and answer no more
they are dismayed and answer no more
they are dismayed and answer no more words escaped them and I have waited
words escaped them and I have waited
words escaped them and I have waited because they did not speak because they
because they did not speak because they
because they did not speak because they stood still and answered no more I also
stood still and answered no more I also
stood still and answered no more I also will answer my part I too will declare
will answer my part I too will declare
will answer my part I too will declare my opinion for I am full of words the
my opinion for I am full of words the
my opinion for I am full of words the spirit within me compels me indeed my
spirit within me compels me indeed my
spirit within me compels me indeed my belly is like wine that has no vent it
belly is like wine that has no vent it
belly is like wine that has no vent it is ready to burst like new wineskins
is ready to burst like new wineskins
is ready to burst like new wineskins I will speak that I may find relief I
I will speak that I may find relief I
I will speak that I may find relief I must open my lips and answer
must open my lips and answer
must open my lips and answer let me not I pray show partiality to
let me not I pray show partiality to
let me not I pray show partiality to anyone nor let me flatter any man for I
anyone nor let me flatter any man for I
anyone nor let me flatter any man for I do not know how to flatter else my maker
do not know how to flatter else my maker
do not know how to flatter else my maker would soon take me away